add note about binary data storage (#1069)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/hosting/scaling/execution-modes-processes.md

# Execution modes and processes

There are several different modes in which you can configure n8n to operate when executing workflows. These settings become more important as you increase the number, and complexity, of your automation workflows. Ensuring you set n8n to run in the most beneficial mode is also crucial when you begin to scale n8n to handle large workloads.

Set the n8n mode using the following [environment variables](/hosting/environment-variables/environment-variables/#executions):

| Variable | Options | Default | Description |
| :------- | :------ | :------ | :--------- |
| `EXECUTIONS_PROCESS` | Enum string: `main`, `own` | `own` | Whether n8n executions run in their own process or the main process. |

> | `EXECUTIONS_MODE` | Enum string: `regular`, `queue` | `regular` | Whether executions should run directly or using queue. |

Reviewer: One thing to note is that when `EXECUTIONS_MODE` is set to queue, the `EXECUTIONS_PROCESS` is ignored. n8n will behave as if you're using `main` in the worker instances.

### Queue

> `Queue` mode is designed for handling high workloads. In this mode you run multiple instances of n8n: one main instance coordinates work, and other worker instances process the executions. You can also add dedicated instances to handle incoming webhooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Queue` mode is designed for handling high workloads. In this mode you run multiple instances of n8n: one main instance is required for triggering some workflows and allowing user access via UI, while the other worker instances process the executions. You can also add dedicated instances to handle incoming webhooks.
```

`Queue` mode requires more setup than `regular` mode, but provides great scalability and stability with minimal latency.

!!! note "Binary data storage"

> 	n8n doesn't support queue mode with binary data storage. If your workflows need to persist binary data, you can't use queue mode.

Reviewer: This made me realize that we don't seem to have a dedicated documentation for binary data storage.

Basically, when handling what we call "binary data" (files) that can be large, this data stays in memory and takes up a lot of space.

For simply moving files (download and upload, for instance), this is unnecessary and could cause n8n to crash.

Binary data storage has 2 options: in memory (default) or filesystem (where n8n saves data to disk instead, saving memory space).

I think we need to add this to our docs somewhere.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/219272/212063754-d6d3fefc-f80e-4d37-9322-f8ad0d532fbb.png)

The settings for this feature can be seen here

Author: Added a doc about binary data, and split out the env vars in the env vars doc to make them more discoverable
